Add install info to GIS applications (#1723)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/force.md

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

> FORCE was installed on Puhti with Singularity using the [Docker image provided by the FORCE author on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/davidfrantz/force). The container was then wrapped with [Tykky](../computing/containers/tykky.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FORCE was installed to Puhti with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#container-based-installations) using the [Docker image provided by the FORCE author on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/davidfrantz/force). 

The container was then wrapped 
```

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

FORCE was installed to Puhti with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#container-based-installations) using the [Docker image provided by the FORCE author on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/davidfrantz/force). 

`wrap-container -w /home/docker/bin docker://davidfrantz/force:latest --prefix install_dir`

> ### References

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References
```
